Limitations
If this this study can be used as a ground to understand the impact that the use of professional CT can have on employees’ creativity for a sample of individuals, it has limitations.
The first limitation to this study is that as specified at the beginning, it is limited to the French territory. Indeed, France is particularly oriented towards the issues of detachment from work and has a very strong regulation on working hours, extra hours and more recently connectivity to work. This regulation keeps evolving as technology evolves and is getting more adapted everyday to the new work modes. This does not prevent companies to avoid overflows 100%, and technology evolves faster than the law does, which is why this research was still conducted in France. However, the insights arising from it cannot be generalized to the whole world. Indeed, work practices are not the same around the world, and France is a country which is particularly favorable to the workers rather than to the productivity of companies. Indeed, the standard number of hours of work in France is of 35 hours per week, which is one of the lowest numbers in Europe and around the world. This explains which this research is particularly relevant in France but may not be in other countries, or at least not on those terms. Moreover, detachment from work is a notion that is mainly present in Europe but is way less important in the Eastern world or in the USA. Indeed, in countries like the USA, or of Asia such as China, Japan or Korea, employees have more freedom to choose the number of hours they want to work. In consequence to that, in those countries, employees would probably not have the same reflections that the French respondents of this study had. Finally, the professional cell phone, emails and instant messaging platforms are devices that are commonly used in France in the professional world, but they might not be this common in other countries. 
Regarding the methodology, the interview guide was asking specific questions about two major communication technologies, which are the professional cell phone and communication platforms. However, as the interviews showed, the respondents were confused about answering according to one or another, as they made no difference in their use of the professional cell phone or the personal cell phone used for professional purposes, and the communication platforms. Indeed, the use of one of these technologies is not excluding the use of the other, as communication platforms can be downloaded and used on the cell phone. Consequently, when respondents were answering the specific questions about one technology or the other, they would usually make a mix, and it had to be always clarified with the researcher what technology they were talking about. Moreover, when respondents were answering about communication platforms, it was not clear what device those communication platforms were used on, and it is very probable that in many cases it was the cell phone, which induces a confusion of the responses. 
Overall, it was also very hard to set a frame for the answers of each respondent as it is usually uncommon to reflect on one’s usage of communication technologies in a way that is this detailed. It seemed to be difficult for respondents to remember if they were using on type of communication more than the other in the evening, or in the week ends. Except for the respondents that had very a strict time limit with their use of CT, many respondents were not able to put a time volume on their use, which is comprehensible because this use might vary from day to another. This made it difficult to set a frame for the use of CT and to capture when exactly they were connecting the most. However, it has to be noted that this limit is also inherent to the subject and could hardly be squared.
One last flaw of the interview guide is that it was not essentially composed of open-ended questions. Some questions were asked in a way that assumed on type of answer, and not the contrary answer. This might have biased the responses a little at first. However, as the respondents were encouraged to avoid short answers such as yes or no, they had to justify and explain everything that followed a short answer. Consequently, it is still very unlikely that they would have given false information or transformed what they really thought or what they really felt. 
 Finally, according to Toloie-eshlaghy et al. (2011), qualitative methods of research have for goal to seek for meaning, and to explore the opinions of participants to a phoenomenon (Toloie-eshlaghy et al., 2011). What is intersting is therefore to have a large pannel of opinions to capture the phenomenon more fully. The sample of 6 interviews, if it is still considered as a correct size for qualitative research, could have been enlarged at least to have a few respondents with a very positive opinion of the use of CT outside of work hours. Indeed, the six respondants of this study had a negative or mixed opinon about communication technologies, and were all arguing that it could impact their creativity. Hoewever, Byron et al. argue that there is a curvilinear relationship between stress and creativity, meaning that a certain amount of stress would still be a driver to creativity (Byron et al., 2010). Hence, the meaning taken from the sample of respondents would have been enriched by having individuals in the sample who though positively of the impact of their stress on creativity. 
Conclusion and recommendations 
This section will present first the managerial implications of this study, and will then conclude on the insights gained by in and on possibilities of future research to deepen the understanding of the phenomenon studied.
Managerial Implications
This research seeks to raise awareness of companies that working hours is a matter worth being thought about. Not respecting a balance between work and rest can be very significant implications, as this research and previous research have found. Indeed, if companies are not careful enough with work hours and the right to disconnect from work, they are exposing their employees to many risks. Firstly, stress is a very common risk when employees work more than their standard workdays and communicate about professional matters even outside of work hours. If it is often quite well understood by firms that the fact of executing professional tasks during rest hours can be dangerous for work-life balance and the employees’ mental health, some employers continue to believe that communicating outside of work hours should not be considered as the continuity of the professional activity and is not that tiring for employees. This believe is inaccurate and that is the vice of communication technologies. In a world where everyone is connected to their peers, it seems very natural to be answering messages, emails or phone calls at all times, even when they are related to work. However, there is a big difference between communicating for personal matters and communicating for professional purposes. Communicating is working when it comes to work related issues, and employees who are always working risk developing serious mental health problems such as burnout or depression. Companies need to be aware of it so that they do not normalize the fact of employees being connected to work 24 hours a day. Employees are not supposed to answer emails during their holidays, even though there is an emergency to be fixed. It is paramount for top managers to evaluate the balance between solving a small emergency now and be at peace for a while until bigger problems concerning the mental health of employees happen, and delaying the resolution of the problems to one or two weeks before the employee comes back from holidays and not putting them at risk to develop a mental disease. 
In addition, when it comes to creativity, companies gain a lot from the rest and mental sanity of their employees. Indeed, as proven in this research, being rested and mentally healthy is what allows employees to be performant, productive, and to develop creative ideas. Some individuals even believe that their creative ideas come to them during the time they rest and unplug their brain from work. Companies need the creativity of their employees because it is what will allow them to stand out compared to their competitors, and to always stay ahead of tendencies on their market. A company can spend a lot of money hiring talents and rare profiles in order to become more performant, but there is no point in doing that if employees are overworked and can no longer put all their intellectual capacities at the service of the company. Hence, it is a win-win situation to have rested and relaxed employees instead of a stressed workforce that will not be efficient for long. 
Another issue is that most individuals are not able to keep up with the rhythm of work in company which have “24 hours of work a day” policy. In those companies, employees might be able to resist and still stay efficient on the short run, but on the longer run they will stop being performant or will simply leave. In any case, the company will lose a lot of money because unperforming employees cost more money than they make, and employees who leave force the company to engage more expenses to recruit replacements.
In order to avoid those issues, companies need to abolish the culture of immediacy. Setting employees to rest at night is not on waste of time and money, on the contrary it will make them even more efficient the next day. Managers should stop requiring an immediate answer every time they send a message, and employees should not be made to feel guilty because they disconnected earlier. It is paramount for companies to respect the work-life balance of their workers and to set up HR policies that are suitable for that. Of course, there are jobs that justify the fact for employees to be always connected to their work, as it was the case in this research for one of the respondents. It is especially the case for employees who have to be on call for some of their clients. In this situation, companies have no other choice than to let the employee be solicited permanently, but they still can have an action on the preventing psycho-social risks to appear. For example, they can set up a special follow-up of these employees to make sure that they are not on the edge of burnout, and that their job does not interfere too much with their family life. This way, if an employee does no longer find their job compatible with they private life, the company can arrange a new career path for them.
Furthermore, companies can set up processes to avoid professional communication outside of work hours. Changing the culture of the company is one thing, but there still might be some overflows because some employees have difficulties to disconnect from work. To avoid that, it is for example possible to install a software that calculates the hours that employees spent connected to the company’s communication platform and that alert employees when they have been working too much outside of they standard work hours. Besides that, this research highlights the need for companies to train both employees and managers to work-life conflicts matters and to the importance of resting between two workdays. Managers should not send messages during rest hours to their employees and expect an immediate response, just like employees should not check their emails and answer them during their holidays. If some workers feel anxious to leave a lot of emails unanswered while they are off, a good training could reassure them and make them understand that their mental health is the most important. 
Finally, this research showed that the COVID19 crisis had played a role in stressing the employees regarding the use of CT. Communicating through instant messaging is not similar to communicating in real life and there is no point for companies to overexploit instant messaging platforms when employees are doing home office in order to keep in touch. Companies need to adjust their policies regarding the use of CT during home office in a way that makes this use efficient and not invasive. This research can also alert companies to the fact that it is even more important to monitor the working hours of employees during home office, because the fact of working from home can sometimes blur the limits between the professional life and the personal life. Not spending time in transportations is not an argument to extend one’s working hours. On the contrary, hours spend in the transportations are not hours that employees spend working, so there is no reason for employers to expect their employees to keep working during these hours. 
Conclusion and need for further research
To conclude on this research, the creativity of employees is impacted and undermined by an overuse of communication technologies, and especially outside of work hours. Instant messaging platforms are the main driver to this phenomenon, particularly because they usually come from notifications which are invading the lives of employees at any time. In consequence, individuals can observe that they are less productive at work and have difficulties developing innovative ideas to enhance the existing of their company. This research also highlighted that the personality of workers influences a lot their behavior towards communication technologies. 
In this research, the goal was mainly to observe the impact that constant connection to work through CT could have on the creativity of a sample of individuals, regardless of their age, their gender, or other characteristics that they might have. If the researcher has focused on selection respondents of various age, profession, and gender to have a sample with the less biases as possible, those characteristics of the interviewees were not taken into account for the analysis. Future studies could focus on researching the impact that the use of CT outside of work hours can have on creativity according for example to the gender, or to the age of the respondent. Indeed, men and women often do not have the same relationship to communication or to creativity, for cultural reasons. Therefore, it could be interesting to see how this factor could have an impact on the relationship shown in this research. Moreover, regarding the use of CT, young and senior professional do not have the same way of using them, which might affect the stress that those two populations can experience, and the impact that it could have on their creativity at work. Hence, a future research could focus on studying the relationship between the use of CT and creativity according to age ranges. 
Finally, as previous research has shown, managers have a role to play in the constant connectivity of their employees, and a majority of them today do not hesitate to solicitate their subordinates even outside of work hours. In this research, the focus was mainly on studying the communications suffered by the respondents outside of work hours, and not on the communications that they might impose as well on their subordinates. Future research could focus on the role of managers and their mindset in terms of professional CT, to understand better how they perceive their utility, if they see an interest in limiting their solicitations to others, and if they manage to set their own limits.  
 


Work life conflicts and the imbalance between work and rest
Work-life balance and conflicts 
One of the main elements of this research will be work-life balance. Work-life balance, also known as work-family balance, is defined as work life and family life being in balance. A good balance between work and family would be a lack of conflicts or interference between work and family roles (Frone, 2003). However, in literature, work-family balance is more generally defined as “a form of interpole conflict in which the role pressures from the work and family domains are mutually incompatible in some respect. That is, participation in the work (family) role is made more difficult by virtue of participation in the family (work) role. “ (Greenhaus & Beutell, 1985).
Flexible working arrangements were initially designed with a view to reducing the work-life conflicts and allow employees to have a family life beside their work. Some arrangement can indeed be very beneficial for employees such as working in flexible or part-time (Russell et al., 2009). However, according to Russel et al., working from home is associated with greater levels of both work pressure and work–life conflict. Their study showed that employees who were involved in home office experienced higher levels of work pressure and work-life conflict (Russell et al., 2009). This observation may be caused by the breaking down of boundaries between work and home, where work will spill over into family time. This study also showed that off-duty hours of work are not the only factor explaining this, as employees who respect their work hours will still experience work pressure and work-life conflicts (Russell et al., 2009).
Although there are many variables which can influence the relationship between work hours and health such as the gender, the age or the job, there is a correlation between overall health symptoms and hours of work according to a study conducted by Sparks et al. Those symptoms can be physiologic or psychologic (Sparks et al., 2018). Between the physiological symptoms, heart diseases were the most correlated symptom whereas among the psychological symptoms, stress was mentioned often. It is therefore important for HR practitioners to monitor the hours of work performed by employees to avoid any risks (Sparks et al., 2018).
Benefits of psychological detachment from work 
Detachment from work refers to the state in which an employee mentally disconnects from their work and do not think anymore about work-related issues (Sabine Sonnentag, 2012). Work can be a major source of stress for an individual. If it is commonly believed in organizations that being constantly preoccupied with job-related issues can be a driver for performance, it can actually induce many negative side effects for employees (Sabine Sonnentag, 2012). On the contrary, many empirical studies have shown that detachment from work during off-hours is beneficial for employees’ wellbeing but also for their performance on the job (Sonnentag, 2012). 
According to Moreno-Jiménez et al., employees who are more detached outside of work hours will feel more satisfied with their life, and will experience lower levels of psychological strain symptoms such as poor sleep (Moreno-Jiménez et al., 2009) The benefits of work detachment can be observable on the short-term as well as the longer term. Indeed, a study based on employees’ daily diaries showed that they felt more rested and cheerful in the morning when they had been disconnecting from work since the evening before (Moreno-Jiménez et al., 2009; Sabine Sonnentag, 2012). Those studies implied as well that employees could return to work in a more positive mindset in the morning than if they had been thinking about work-issues all night. Hence, a more favorable affective state helped them perform better during the work day (Rothbard & Wilk, 2011). 
Detachment from work is particularly important in high-stress jobs. Indeed, a study conducted with human-services workers showed that pressure on the job was less related to an increase in psychosomatic complaints when workers were able to detach from work during their work hours (S. Sonnentag et al., 2010). Depending on employees’ personality, the level of detachment from work will vary. People who react more strongly to negative events tend to detach less from work during off-duty hours and will think more about work-related issues during resting hours. Such people will ruminate about events that happened at work and will not be able to be at peace at home. Furthermore, employees with higher involvement in work will also be less detached from work (Kühnel et al., 2009). 
In addition, work-related factors will affect employees’ capacity to detach from work during off-hours, especially job stressors. A heavy workload and time pressure will affect negatively detachment from work. Employees who are given more work than they believe they are able to accomplish will usually not be able to detach from work when at home and will continue to think about work-related issues that they were not able to fix during the workday (Kinnunen et al., 2011). However, it is when job stressors are strong and work pressure is high that employees need most to detach from work and rejuvenate. If they do not, employees will not recover from work pressure, and the job stressors will lead to an increased level of stress, which in turn will contribute to the employees’ difficulties to disconnect from work-related issues. It is a vicious circle that companies need to watch out for. While job stressors can challenge and stimulate employees, they can also diminish their performance and affect their well-being in the long run (Sonnentag, 2012).   
Covid Times specificities 
One of the challenges of COVID-19 regarding HRM is about the working conditions, which had to be adjusted to limit human contacts as much as possible. Such alterations include shifting to remote work or changing the policies of the work environment (Carnevale & Hatak, 2020). Companies had to immediately and brutally shift to digital models and intensify their digital transformation. Such transformations usually are achieved on the long term, but the pandemic had forced both organizations and companies to shift instantly to new kinds of work methods (Gigauri, 2020). In order to work remotely, all workers have been forced to develop their skills in technology, which could have been difficult for the most senior of them (Gigauri, 2020). Furthermore, all workers had to open the door of their private life to their work, and those doors can be difficult to close afterwards (Mcallister et al., 2020). In order to deal with the stress of being constantly connected to work, employees need to develop certain habits in order to keep a good balance between their personal and their professional life. For instance, they needed to learn how to set boundaries to work and be able to resist them. They also had to develop their communication skills in order to make remote work more efficient and less lonely (Mcallister et al., 2020). 
Those changes can have an important impact on the person-environment fit, which corresponds to the fit between an employee and an environment fit in terms of values, cultures and work features, and which can lead to a misfit (Carnevale & Hatak, 2020).  Moreover, the new working conditions might also affect the work-family conflict, as employees work remotely while having to take care of their children who are no longer taken care of by schools. A demanding family life combined with an accrued autonomy and work-responsibility will affect employees’ productivity and well-being. On the contrary, childless or single employees will face different forms work-life conflict and might experience loneliness and a feeling of social exclusion. (Carnevale & Hatak, 2020) Those issues must be addressed by HR professionals in order to prevent the apparition of socio-psychological risks and to preserve employees’ health and wellbeing (Carnevale & Hatak, 2020). Indeed, just as work stressors can affect personal life, personal life stressors can affect work life. The personal stress of employees could also spread to personal life and sometimes lead to burnout (Gigauri, 2020). Moreover, during the pandemic, remote work has made work invasive of the private sphere because employees had to deal with work challenges in their own home, which is the very place where private life takes place. This can give employees the impression to always be at work, and some of them can have troubles unplugging some work (Gigauri, 2020). Indeed, Gigauri’s (2020) research showed that the number of workers connecting to their professional computers at night and during the weekend increased. A lot of workers had started working outside of their usual shifts and experienced a lot of difficulties to disconnect when their professional PC was at their disposal at home at all time (Gigauri, 2020). 
However, Dubey and Tripathi’s study on more than 10000 tweets related to workers feelings towards home-office showed that employees mostly had positive feelings towards home-office, and had received it well (Dubey & Tripathi, 2020). Indeed, 73% people had a good opinion of remote work, while 27% were expressing negative sentiments toward it (Dubey & Tripathi, 2020). 

Creativity 
A definition of creativity at work 
As this paper seeks to research how creativity can be undermined, it is important to define what creativity at work is. Creativity at work is defined by Amabile et. al as “the production of novel and useful ideas”. The idea of novelty and usefulness are key in creativity (T. M. Amabile et al., 1996). Runco and Jaeger propose another standard definition of creativity which is bipartite : “creativity requires both originality and effectiveness” (Runco & Jaeger, 2012). The term originality refers to the idea of novelty in Amabile’s definition. There is no creativity if something is not unusual, new, or unique. Any idea that is common and conventional cannot be considered as creative (Runco & Jaeger, 2012). However, an original idea is not enough to lead to something creative. Some products can indeed be unique because obtained by some random processes, but they can be useless and therefore, they cannot be described as creative. The notion of usefulness must be incorporated to a novel idea to make it creative. Effectiveness can take various forms, and especially the one of value : to be considered creative, a novel idea needs to create value for its target, and must have an utility (Runco & Jaeger, 2012).
The definition of creativity has evolved a lot over the years and scholars have always tried to define and redefine it (Walia, 2019). Indeed, creativity is usually considered at stake in companies for it is believed to be a driver to innovation and problem solving, which can lead to a sustained competitive advantage on the market (Bouty & Gomez, 2015). Indeed, it is considered to be the ultimate source of value and innovation in product and service creation, although, creativity can also happen outside of the innovation processes (Bouty & Gomez, 2015). If creativity has indeed been seen as the emergence of novel and useful ideas, it has also previously been seen as motivation, as a divergent thinking, as an ability to discover new problems and as the emergence of new ideas through a process of experimentation. Most authors agree to consider creativity as novel and useful, which Runco and Jaeger consider to be the standard definition of creativity, but many other potential characteristics of creativity are still discussed by scholars, and the relationship between creativity and innovation is widely discussed (Runco & Jaeger, 2012; Walia, 2019). According to Hennessy and Amabile (2009), innovation takes place when there is a need to implement the creative idea. Hence, innovation is rather related to the process of production (Walia, 2019). 
Kampylis and Valtanen (2010) examined various definitions of creativity and theorized four elements that are essential to capture the notion of creativity (Walia, 2019): 
•	Creativity is a key ability of individual(s)
•	Creativity presumes an intentional activity (meaning a process)
•	The creative process occurs in a specific environment 
•	The creative process leads to the creation of products (tangible or intangible). This product must be novel and useful, at least for the creative individual(s) (Kampylis & Valtanen, 2010)
From this definition emerges the four elements of creativity. First, creativity is an act: it is a human and individual act that will lead to something new, which can be tangible or intangible (Walia, 2019). 
The second element is that creativity is a production and not a reproduction, meaning that it must be something novel and never seen before (Walia, 2019). This new production emerges in the brain of the creator. Reproductive activity emerges in the brain of the creator as well but based on memory and pictures stored in their mind from their past experiences and their knowledge, and which will lead to behavioral patterns that have already been seen before. These kinds of activities are only repetitions and will not create anything new (Kampylis & Valtanen, 2010; Walia, 2019). On the contrary, a creative activity happens when new images, that have never been seen before, appear in the brain of the creator, as a result of past experiences and memories. The creator projects those images in the future. Although past experiences and knowledge have an important impact on the creativity, the creative activity comes from imagination of how things could be in the future (Kampylis & Valtanen, 2010). 
The third element is that creativity acknowledges a disequilibrium (Walia, 2019). Indeed, why should there be a need for creative activity such as described in the second element? The creative activity is reactive, and responds to the observation by the creator that things as they are need to change and to be challenged. Therefore, there must be a need for a creative idea, and a disequilibrium acknowledged by the individual(s). This disequilibrium is the one that intrinsically motivates the creator to initiate a creative activity (Kampylis & Valtanen, 2010; Walia, 2019). 
Finally, the fourth element is that creativity is about sensitivity in perceiving a problem (Walia, 2019). Indeed, the process of creativity begins first with the acknowledgement of a problem, and not by the emergence of a new idea right away. There is therefore an obvious relationship between sensitivity and creativity because creativity is associated to a lower ability to habituate to sensor stimulations, that is sensitivity, and consequently to a higher orienting response to those stimulations. Sensitivity interacts with the ability to respond to the challenges of the environment, and to lead to creative insights and divergent thinking in order to provide solutions to those challenges (Kampylis & Valtanen, 2010; Walia, 2019). 

How to boost creativity	
According to SDT scholars, creativity is tightly linked to employees’ motivation, and particularly to high quality motivation. Indeed, individuals will be more performant, more innovative and more creative at work when their personal values match with the company’s, or when their motivation is intrinsic and is completely related to the interests in the tasks (Deci & Ryan, 2010; Rigby & Ryan, 2018; Vallerand et al., 1992). Extrinsic drivers on the contrary are believed to have a negative relationship with creativity (Rigby & Ryan, 2018). Most authors on creativity believe that intrinsic motivation is indeed the key to boost employees’ creativity. According to Amabile (1996), employees will experience more interest, involvement, curiosity and will feel positively challenged when the tasks are complex and intellectually demanding. This phenomenon will lead to more creativity (T. M. Amabile et al., 1996). 
Building on the theory of intrinsic motivation being the key to creativity, Zhou et al. include the role of problem-solving demand (PSD) in their framework on creativity (Zhou et al., 2012). 
 
PSD is defined by the extent to which employees consider their job to be challenging and difficult, and to what extent it can expose them to unexpected events. It also related to the level of specific knowledge that is needed for the job, and to the need of adopting new approaches and new solutions in order to complete the tasks (Zhou et al., 2012). According to Zhou et al., PSD combined with intrinsic motivation has a positive relation with creativity at work. Indeed, when employees are confronted with challenging situations that they have not experienced before, they will need to develop their knowledge et to come out with new ideas in order to deal with it. Hence, PSD will push employees to be open to new possibilities and to think out of the box (Zhou et al., 2012). Intrinsic motivation appears to be a driver in this relationship as when employees are personally interested by the complex tasks, they will face the challenges more willingly, be less affected by the difficulty of the tasks and they will accept failure more easily. The relationship between PSD and creativity will therefore be even more positive if intrinsic motivation is part of the equation. Furthermore, individuals with a high intrinsic motivation are even more likely to see PSD as an opportunity for them, and not a chore. Such a positive mindset about PSD will lead them to expose themselves to those kinds of tasks, whereas individual with a low intrinsic motivation will rather feel threatened by PSD. Individuals with low intrinsic motivation are more likely to avoid the problems and not take advantage of this opportunity to develop their knowledge and skills (Zhou et al., 2012). Finally, Zhou et al.’s study shows that the role of PSD should be nuanced by the fact that creativity also depends on individual characteristics. Indeed, some individuals are naturally predisposed to creative behaviors, whereas some are not (Zhou et al., 2012). Unfortunately, not all companies are able to recruit the most creative profiles, but all companies need them in order to stay competitive on their market (Zhou et al., 2012). Hence, it is paramount for companies to encourage creative behaviors by promoting PSD and intrinsic motivation, especially for employees who are not naturally predisposed to creative behaviors. In order to achieve this goal, companies can trigger the intrinsic motivation of their employees by managing efficiently their careers,  promotions and evolutions within the organization, and by giving higher levels of decision-making responsibility which will stimulate them (Zhou et al., 2012). 
According to Baer et al. however, the role of intrinsic motivation in boosting creativity at work should be nuanced. Indeed, a lot of companies still use extrinsic rewards as a way to promote creativity, and the efficiency of such driver deserves to be studied (Markus Baer et al., 2003). Their research study showed that extrinsic rewards can be a driver to creativity for certain types of employees and their profiles. Hence, for employees with adaptive cognitive style who worked on simple tasks, intrinsic rewards had a positive relationship with creativity (Markus Baer et al., 2003). On the contrary, there was a weak relation between extrinsic rewards and creativity for employees with an innovative cognitive style who worked on more complex jobs, and a negative relation for innovative cognitive workers who worked on a relatively simple job. Finally, there was a negative relation as well for adaptive cognitive style workers who worked on complex tasks (Markus Baer et al., 2003). Overall, extrinsic rewards are therefore rather useless to enhance the creativity of employees who have a complex job, and for employees who naturally have an innovative cognitive style. In some cases, it can even undermine their creativity (Markus Baer et al., 2003). 

Undermined creativity through stress 
There are different theories that explain the influence of stress on creativity. According to the cognitive resources theory, stress will damage creativity because individuals’ cognitive resources are limited, and they cannot use it both to process a complex task and to deal with a stimulus such as stress. Stress will require the use of the cognitive resources, which will therefore not be available for creative tasks (Liu & Liu, 2020). On the contrary, the theory of arousal levels, stressors will stimulate the cognitive arousal level, which will stimulate the individual’s creativity. However, individuals will prefer a moderate level of stress, because a very high level of stress will cause discomfort and will affect creativity negatively. (Liu & Liu, 2020) Indeed, Byron et al. (2010) show in their research on the effect of stressors on employees’ creativity that stressors are a good incentive to boost employees’ creativity depending on how stress inducing the stressor is (Byron et al., 2010). In other terms, low-stress inducing situations will boost creativity and be beneficial for employees, whereas high-stress inducing situations will affect creativity and will lower employees’ performance. There is therefore a curvilinear relationship between stress and creativity (Byron et al., 2010). However, this relationship also depends on the individuals that are exposed to the stressors. Indeed, low-stress inducing situation will be a driver to creativity for individuals who are low-anxiety. On the contrary, for high-anxiety individuals, those low-stress situations have no effects, if not negative effects on their creative performance (Byron et al., 2010). 
Previous studies have also found out, regarding the specific effect of time stress, that although time stress can be seen as challenging for employees, a moderate time stress is recommended because when stress is too high, it will affect negatively the employee’s intrinsic motivation and will damage their creativity. (T. Amabile et al., 2002; M. Baer & Oldham, 2006; Khedhaouria et al., 2017). 
To be able to describe the effects of work situations that affect creativity, it is necessary to focus on a wide range of situations, both positive and negative. According to George and Zhou, both positive and negative moods must be taken into account to assess creativity and how it can be boosted or decreased (George & Zhou, 2007). It usually the combination of both which will play a role on creativity, in a dual-tuning approach. Positive mood has a significant positive relationship with creativity, but negative mood can also  alert employees to problems and push them to improve matters through creative ideas (George & Zhou, 2007). The recognition of the existence of problems is indeed very important to generate creative solutions. Consequently, positive and negative moods work in a complementary way and will jointly play a part in creativity. (George & Zhou, 2007).
Furthermore, creativity can be negatively impacted by stress arising from relationships with colleagues and from organizational structure and climate (Talbot et al., 1992). It also depends on the hierarchical level of the employee: employees at the top of the company hierarchy feel less stress than those at the bottom, and more often consider that they evolve in an environment conducive to creativity. This effect is usually a consequence of the company’s organizational hierarchy which allows less autonomy to the bottom of the hierarchy (Talbot et al., 1992). 
Problem formulation
This section will first put in a nutshell the insights from the literature review and will highlight the need for further research. It will introduce the subjects to be further researched and in a second part, it will introduce the reader to the research question of this study and the variables to be explained. It will finally present the hypothesis to be proved in this paper.
Gaps in the literature 
The existing literature on work-life conflicts and detachment from work establishes a link between constant connection to work and fatigue as well as stress, which affects negatively both the personal life of an employee and its performance at work. Indeed, it causes work-life conflicts which the individual has difficulties to deal with, resulting on a constant state of psychosomatic stress and accrued tiredness. Meanwhile, it has been studied that communication technologies are often a driver to constant connection to work, as they make it very easy for employees to keep being updated about work-related issues outside of work hours. When employees keep being reminded of work subjects when at home, they will rest less and not be able to rejuvenate. This phenomenon has particularly been accrued by the COVID19 sanitary crisis and the obligation for employees to work remotely from home. Finally, many researchers about creativity at work agree that creativity can be impaired by job stressors, which will have a negative impact if they are too high. To summarize the insights of the existing literature, on one hand the lack of rest from work, which can sometimes be driven by communication technologies, causes stress and fatigue, and stress can impact creativity at work. However, there is no research which establishes a direct relationship between the use of communication technologies and creativity, and all researches on those topics are dated from before COVID19 crisis, which has probably emphasized most of the observations made on this subject. The role of this research is therefore to study how the use of communication technologies can influence employees’ creativity at work and focus especially on COVID19 times and the necessity to work from home. 
Research question
As stated previously, the aim of this paper will be to fill in the gaps in the existing literature and establish a direct relationship between two variables which are the use of communication technologies off duty, and creativity at work. The aim is also to see how this relationship is articulated after the sanitary crisis and the obligation to work from home. Hence, it will seek to research the following question:
What impact does the use of communication technologies outside of workhours have on creativity at work?
Consequently, in this study, the use of communication technologies outside of work hours will be the independent variable, and creativity at work will be the dependent variable. The goal of the researcher is to show that the level of creativity that induvial experience at work can be explained partly by the use of communication technologies outside of work hours. However, communication technologies can be very diverse, and creativity at work can be understood in many ways by different people. Therefore, on one side this paper will focus essentially on the impact of both professional cellphones and instant communication platforms on creativity. A professional cellphone is a phone that is given by the employer to the employee in order to be reachable for professional matters from anywhere. Communication platforms are the virtual platforms on which employees communicate by writing, either by email or by instant messaging. Outlook or Teams are good examples of those platforms, particularly in France, the country which has been chosen for this study. On the other side, this paper understand creativity as employees being proactive, and coming up with innovative ideas in response to problems. Being proactive is defined as confronting oneself to challenging situations, whereas coming up with innovative ideas is defined as the ability to think out of the box and propose novel and useful ideas to solve problems. 
As explained in the literature review, working during off-duty hours can induce stress, and of stress is a variable which can impact creativity. Stress is therefore the mediating variable which can explain a link between the use of communication technologies outside of work hours and creativity at work. Hence, the following framework will be researched in this paper: 
 
There are several hypotheses that flow from this framework, and which will be researched and validated or refuted: 
H1: The use of professional CT outside of working hours can induce stress for employees 
•	H1.1: The use of business cellphone outside working hours can induce stress for employees, especially during COVID19
•	H1.2: the use of communication platforms outside working hours can induce stress for employees, especially during COVID19
H2: Stress negatively impacts employees' creativity
•	H2.1: Stress negatively impacts employees' ability to be proactive
•	H2.2: Stress reduces the ability of employees to come up with innovative ideas when facing problems 
H3: The use of professional CT outside working hours has a negative impact on employees' creativity 
There are therefore 3 sub questions that are to be answered in this paper, regarding the 3 major hypotheses: 
1)	Does the use of CT outside of work hours induce stress for employees, especially during the sanitary crisis? 
This sub-question will focus on studying the use of the professional cell phone and of and of communication platforms outside of work hours, and their effect on the appearance of stress symptoms for employees. The goal is to validate H1. This sub-question will be answered thanks to the literature review and the data analysis. 
2)	What is the impact of this stress on employees’ creativity? 
This sub-question aims to capture how creativity can be enhanced or decreased by job stressors, and particularly when they originate from constant connectivity to work. More precisely, it seeks to establish a relationship between stress and the proactivity of employees, and between stress and their ability to propose innovative solutions when facing problems. The goal is to observe how stress at work in general can influence creativity, and to validate H2. This sub-question will be answered thanks to the literature review and the data analysis. 
3)	What impact does the use of communication technologies outside of work hours have on employees’ creativity? 
Finally, the goal of this sub-question is to establish a direct link between the use of communication technologies, especially the professional cell phone and the communication platforms, and creativity which is characterized by proactivity and the ability to answer work problems with innovative ideas. If a negative relationship is found out in response to this question, H3 will be validated. This sub-question will be answered essentially thanks to the data analysis. 

Methodology
In order to answer the questions formulated above, an appropriate methodology should be adopted. The purpose of this section is to highlight the methods used to respond to the research problem and to argue about the choices that have been made by the researcher. In a first part, the choice for the research design will be explained and in a second part, the data collection used to answer the questions will be presented as well as justified. Finally, in a third part, the analysis of the data collected which will be carried out in the rest of the paper will be detailed to the reader. 
Research Design 
The research methods chosen for this study are qualitative. Qualitative methods are defined as a panel of methods and techniques which are not quantitative and therefore do not rely on numbers. Their goal is to help researchers understand human beings and their social and cultural living beds. This way, researchers can capture a phenomenon by understanding the point of view of participants to that phenomenon  (Toloie-eshlaghy et al., 2011). According to Toloie-Eshlaghy et al., there are three main concepts to qualitative methods: 
-	Qualitative research epistemologies are non-oriented proof.  
-	The goal of qualitative research is to interpret and reveal concepts and meanings rather than generalizing accidental relationships. 
-	Qualitative research techniques cannot rely on numbers. (Toloie-eshlaghy et al., 2011)
Indeed, the goal of this paper is not to generalize the impact of the use of communication technologies outside of work hours on creativity at work, because this phenomenon varies according to individuals and the relationship between those two variables cannot be universally standardized. In fact, this relationship is necessarily dependent on the individuals' affect, their sensitivity or resistance to stress and their perception of creativity at work. For this reason, the research methods chosen for this topic can only be qualitative. In other terms, the role of this research study is rather to reveal a relationship between the two variables and to provide the reader with insights from participants to this phenomenon. 
There are several types of qualitative research strategies, and the one that was adopted in this study is the grounded theory. Grounded theory is a research strategy which based on key concepts of data and relies on a deductive approach. Indeed, the research starts from specific and moves to general (Toloie-eshlaghy et al., 2011). Three elements are very important in grounded theory: concepts, strata, and problems. The key element for grounded theory is however the concept, because when analyzing the data, the researcher will try to conceptualize the data rather than collecting objective data (Toloie-eshlaghy et al., 2011). Furthermore, this strategy relies on hypotheses, that the researcher will try to validate (Toloie-eshlaghy et al., 2011). According to Strauss and Carbin who wrote on grounded theory, “grounded theory is a kind of qualitative strategy which uses a set of systematic approaches to revise a theory on a phenomenon deductively” (Carbin & Strauss, 1990). In other term, the major goal of a researcher when achieving grounded theory is to analyze a phenomenon by identifying some key concepts of this phenomenon and classifying the links among those concepts (Carbin & Strauss, 1990). Hence, the goal of this research is to establish a relationship between several concepts: the use of communication technologies outside of work hours, stress, and creativity at work, and to highlight this relationship through the point of view of several participant to the phenomenon. 
Strauss and Carbine define several analytical stages of the grounded theory which will be followed in this paper (Carbin & Strauss, 1990): 
-	Research proposal
-	Data collection 
-	Regulating the data 
-	Analyzing the data 
-	Comparing to the content (Carbin & Strauss, 1990)
The research carried out in this paper is explanatory. Explanatory studies are described by Jöreskog as studies which involves the specification of hypotheses, estimation of causal models and testing the validity of those models and of the hypotheses (Jöreskog, 1976). Indeed, in the previous section, a model was proposed by the researcher as well as seven hypotheses to be tested. The major goal of this paper is to research and validate those hypotheses, and to establish a framework close to the model proposed initially. This goal matches Jöreskog’s definition of an explanatory study.
According to Elman, explanatory researches are carried out when the study is based on a preexisting theory (Elman, 2005). This initial theory may have been produced from observation, or deductively through formal methods. Regardless of the source of the initial theory, an explanatory study will seek to complement it with a deductive approach (Elman, 2005). More precisely, an explanatory study has to articulate the different variables of the initial theory in order to study what potential outcome may result from various combinations of this theory’s variables (Elman, 2005). According to Cooley, explanatory studies can be as beneficial for scholars are experimentations are, and have the potential to make major contributions to people’s understanding of a phenomenon (Cooley, 1978). 
In the case of communication technologies and creativity at work, which are the two main variable of this study, the variables have already been researched many times before, although only individually, and especially according to stress. For that reason, this research can only be qualified of explanatory. Moreover, it can be easily observed in our everyday life that constant connection to work can impact negatively one’s performance at work, of which creativity is a component. Those topics are therefore no news to most readers, but the relationship between both topics has not been the whole subject of a research study before, which is why there is a gap in literature which needs to be filled. In addition, the health crisis in which all workers have been immersed has reinforced the problematics of connection at work, which were already topical before. The experiences of this troubled period will allow us to study the phenomenon of the massive use of communication tools and of creativity at work in a way that has not been seen before. In this paper, stress will be the pivot which allows to combine both variables and study the relationship that they have together. Consequently, thanks to this explanatory research study, the reader will be able to capture the articulation of the use of communication technologies outside of work hours and creativity at work, and understand the relationship that links them to stress and links them together. 
For reasons of relevance and simplification of the research, this study will be limited to the French territory, which is the territory in which the researcher is located. Indeed, the right to disconnect, and connectivity at work and its impact on performance are subjects for which each country will have a different approach. While it is a major topic of the 21st century in Western countries, it is much less addressed in Western countries where working practices are very different. Moreover, as the French government is currently working on a new legislation on connectivity at work, this is a topical issue that could be particularly useful to French companies, or more generally to multinational companies based in France. Finally, this research study is particularly oriented towards the research of this phenomenon during the health crisis, and towards the influence that the latter could have on the researched subject. However, employees did not have to face the same working conditions depending on the country in which they resided, its sanitary situation and the lockdown measures adopted by their government. The study would have been biased if it had compared data from employees of different countries who had to deal with completely different situations. Therefore, it seemed more appropriate to limit the study to one territory. 
